capital = 740
primary_culture = italian
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 25.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.55
civilized = yes

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = MOD_reactionary
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 22
	conservative = 60
	reactionary = 18
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
muzzle_loaded_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
iron_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
clipper_design = 1
malthusian_thought = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
private_banks = 1
stock_exchange = 1
no_standard = 1
freedom_of_trade = 1
water_wheel_power = 1
practical_steam_engine = 1
publishing_industry = 1

#Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 3
nonstate_consciousness = 1

oob = "MAC_oob.txt"
