capital = 1251
primary_culture = british
religion = catholic
government = hms_government
plurality = 30
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.55
civilized = yes
prestige = 0

# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = wealth_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = non_socialist
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

# Technologies
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
clipper_design = 1
no_standard = 1
publishing_industry = 1

# Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 3
nonstate_consciousness = 1

ruling_party = ENG_liberal
last_election = 1815.2.6
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 12
	conservative = 83
	reactionary = 5
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

schools = naval_tech_school

oob = "EIC_oob.txt"
