capital = 664
primary_culture = romanian
religion = catholic
government = hms_government
plurality = 0.08
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.21
civilized = yes


# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = non_socialist
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = ROM_liberal
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 25
	conservative = 60
	reactionary = 5
	socialist = 5
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
muzzle_loaded_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
iron_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
private_banks = 1
stock_exchange = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
water_wheel_power = 1
practical_steam_engine = 1
publishing_industry = 1

#Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 2
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "ROM_oob.txt"

