capital = 926
primary_culture = arab
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.28
civilized = no

# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = wealth_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

ruling_party = BAB_conservative
last_election = 1814.1.1
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 35
	conservative = 55
	reactionary = 10
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies
flintlock_rifles = 1
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
water_wheel_power = 1
practical_steam_engine = 1

#Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 2
nonstate_consciousness = 1
